Enabling "graceful fail" for CellRanger `run_count` tasks (#357)
getwilds/wilds-wdl-library: modules/ww-cellranger/README.md

- `memory_gb` (Int, default=64): Memory allocation in GB
- `expect_cells` (Int, optional): Expected number of recovered cells
- `chemistry` (String, optional): Assay configuration (e.g., SC3Pv3)

> - `skip_on_chemistry_failure` (Boolean, default=false): If true, samples for which Cell Ranger can't assign a chemistry — typically non-single-cell data, but also single-cell data with too few or too short reads — succeed with absent count outputs and `chemistry_status="skipped_non_single_cell"` instead of failing. Other Cell Ranger failures always re-raise. See [Graceful chemistry-detection skip](#graceful-chemistry-detection-skip) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `skip_on_chemistry_failure` (Boolean, default=false): If true, samples for which Cell Ranger can't automatically detect the chemistry (usually because the data is low quality or not single-cell) succeed with absent count outputs and `chemistry_status="skipped_non_single_cell"` instead of failing. Other Cell Ranger failures will still cause the workflow to quit. See [Graceful chemistry-detection skip](#graceful-chemistry-detection-skip) for details.
```
I suggest being a little more precise about the auto detection and use layman's terms instead of 're-raise'

**Important:** All input FASTQs must be from one GEM well. If you have multiple GEM wells, use `run_count` separately for each well. The task validates that FASTQ filenames follow Cell Ranger's naming convention and will fail with a helpful error message if they don't.

**Outputs:**
- `chemistry_status` (File): One-line marker file with contents `ok` (Cell Ranger ran to completion) or `skipped_non_single_cell` (chemistry detection failed and `skip_on_chemistry_failure=true`). Always present.
- `results_tar` (File?): Compressed tarball of Cell Ranger count output directory. Absent when the sample was skipped.
- `web_summary` (File?): Web summary HTML file with QC metrics. Absent when the sample was skipped.
- `metrics_summary` (File?): Metrics summary CSV file with key statistics. Absent when the sample was skipped.
- `filtered_h5` (File?): Filtered feature-barcode matrix HDF5 file. Absent when the sample was skipped.

### Graceful chemistry-detection skip

> When `cellranger count` cannot assign a chemistry to an input — typically because the data isn't single-cell at all (e.g. bulk RNA-seq mixed into an SRA study) or because the reads are too few/too short for any chemistry's minimum requirements — it exits with an error before producing any of its usual outputs. By default, the task re-raises that failure. Setting `skip_on_chemistry_failure = true` makes the task exit cleanly with `chemistry_status = "skipped_non_single_cell"` and no count outputs, so a scatter over many samples can complete even when a subset turn out not to be usable as single-cell input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When `cellranger count` cannot automatically detect the input chemistry (usually because it's low quality or not single-cell) it errors out before producing the usual outputs. By default, the `run_count` WDL task reports the error and quits (`skip_on_chemistry_failure = false`). Setting `skip_on_chemistry_failure = true` makes the task exit cleanly instead and reports `chemistry_status = "skipped_non_single_cell"` (regardless of why chemistry detection failed). This lets you scatter over many samples and skip bad inputs instead of stopping the whole workflow because of the error.
```
Suggest making this shorter and a little more precise and in layman's terms

> > **Note on the "non_single_cell" label:** the status string is `skipped_non_single_cell` even when the underlying cause is short/insufficient reads rather than fundamentally non-single-cell data. The label reflects the *outcome* (Cell Ranger can't process this as single-cell), not a forensic diagnosis of *why*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Don't need this with the added wording above

> The detection is heuristic — it greps Cell Ranger's stderr for substrings like "could not detect", "ambiguous chemistry", `NO_INPUT_ANTIBODY_READS`, `TXRNGR10002` ("low rate of correct barcodes"), `TXRNGR10004` ("read lengths are incompatible"), and a few related phrases. Any failure that doesn't match these markers (OOM, corrupt reference, malformed FASTQ, etc.) still re-raises so real bugs aren't silently swallowed. When the task does re-raise, it writes `failed` to `chemistry_status.txt` before exiting so Cromwell's output-collection phase doesn't choke on a missing file. The marker list may need tuning across Cell Ranger versions; this module has been validated against Cell Ranger 10.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**How it works:** The task searches the `cellranger count` output for terms like "could not detect", "ambiguous chemistry", "NO_INPUT_ANTIBODY_READS" and the error codes "TXRNGR10002" and "TXRNGR10004." This method has been validated against Cell Ranger version 10.0.0.
```
There is a lot of jargon here and this section is getting kind of long for describing one parameter. I think this can be a lot more concise and still give a high-level view of how the flag works.

> > **Important:** `skip_on_chemistry_failure` only triggers when Cell Ranger is allowed to auto-detect the chemistry. If you also pass `chemistry` (e.g. `chemistry = "SC3Pv3"`), Cell Ranger skips detection entirely and a non-single-cell sample will fail with a different error (typically barcode-validation related) that this heuristic does not catch. Leave `chemistry` unset when you want the graceful-skip path to be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
You don't need the "Important" section if you specify "automatically detect" in the first paragraph (as I suggest).

Author: That's fair,  I just wanted to emphasize that if a specific chemistry is provided, auto-detection isn't triggered and `skip_on_chemistry_failure` is useless at that point. Condensed that information into the inputs above in https://github.com/getwilds/wilds-wdl-library/pull/357/commits/01d439bf07c2a4ed31cc662496340c03bd801928
